Hello FlightGear pros, gamers, and enthusiasts!
================================================

I wanted to invite you to a multiplayer USA tour. In spite of being just a rather amateur player (and not a pilot AT ALL), I am very thrill to try to fly across USA with FG. But not just a 5 hour cross country, but rather something more inclusive. I elaborated on the idea of using a short ranged plane (something like the regular c172p, and just land at a different state at a time) but notice that either I was doing a west-east line or trying to zigzag the greater number of states in my eastbound journey. And choosing the airport of arrival was not easy business: the largest? the capital city? a military facility? anyways.

After a couple of thoughts and many crashes (to the ground or with the tracker), I decided to give it a different approach. I got the list of all states and territories of the country, and randomized the list. Naturally the order obtained so is pretty wild, and unpredictable by leg distance. Then I decided to find the largest city *by population* at the arrival state/territory, and choose its main airport as destination. Naturally pretty big airports are included but surprising cities with as low as 20K people are included :shock: A given leg of this tour is of no practical use to figure out what's next. Every state or territory (a total of 56) is visited once only, with the exception of California. This is because the last trip arrives to FlightGear homeland at San Francisco International (not a largest city).

I felt like sharing my idea with you guys; and that is why I am posting this. I will release one trip a time, once a week, indicating the flight plan that I will try to follow, including the aircraft I will choose. Every trip leg will remain not notified until the flight plan of the following leg is released as a post update. I, myself, will try to track my flights using fgtracker service (callsign IAHM-COL which frequently does not work for me :( ).

Is somebody engaged with the idea of fly with me around, coast to coast, state to state, and territories? Want to share their tracked flights? or any other ideas? Let's fly this game off!! :mrgreen:
